hi Diego out of youtube today we're
cooking up some top sirloin roast tip
roast called I've got that from my dad
and hidden we're ganna scorch it off in
an otherwise we've got our top sirloin
or tip roast and we've got a bit of
support three two one spice use whatever
you like got cracked pepper a bit the
cracked pepper for Knox spice and the
four three two one is something I made
up myself check out my video on that huh
so still internally phrasing so that's
what's gonna didn't mean to think I'm
gonna get away with the two hours smoked
it won't defrost the pond to be right as
you can see this roast is bound and I'm
just going to leave it that way it can
be restrained now I'm going to maintain
my practice of not sharing it first the
last time I didn't see at first I had
some really good taste in lamb so
our just want to show you the point I've
been trying to make with not searing the
meat first
it looks pretty dry on the outside
there's like a few drops of liquid that
have come through or we're at the grill
of 160 degrees and that's going hot
you're gonna roll this thing over and
the moisture will go back down and away
in the side to dry out a veil and it's
nowheres close to done by the bees all
the way across here have not raising it
first you see the dry rubs nice and dry
on the top it's nice and dry on the
bottom there's no more moisture coming
out see how swishy that is that means
it's still rare inside so we're just
getting smoked this we've been running
it in about hundreds and having a lot of
fun with this it's smoking ed thanks to
Ravi O'Neal for giving it to me
appreciate it
that's about 135 internal temperature
cool restaurant songs and these extra
long list at time last time I scorched
my hands a bit so remembering what I
taught Chris Kane about moving a
survival on how to overcome a situation
you need to prepare yourself at least a
somewhat ratty pair of leather gloves
I'll even burn your hands primary
concern is heat and get your hands there
ninety seconds three counting one
thousand one one thousand fifty five I
can hear it sizzling so it's 60 seconds
I'm thinking it needs to fly yeah that
got it birth just a little bit you
notice the skin starting to split and
the juices are starting to come out from
the inside that's what we want and I can
smell that and it was so good slightly
burnt flavor oh I am getting excited
about this what is that about 15 seconds
that's weeping very well now don't want
all that you should whale out though so
we'll just hit it a little bit on each
side here what did here was we've got
the liquids inside really hot but they
weren't the boiling we smoked it for six
hours and now at the end we're getting a
rude hop so they're starting to boil and
come out and we're doing this instead of
a typical braise it and then smoke it
for a little bit and what happens is
when you braise it first and then smoke
it as you heated your meat up too much
if you get a braise at first and then
smoke it you should pretty much start
with an almost frozen piece of meat if
you want to get some serious smoke time
on it but even then if I'm raising it
you've sealed it in so it's not gonna
get as much smoke as if you do it this
way you can take this piece of meat and
smoke it for six hours and it's actually
a meaningful smoke let's go inside and
look at this before we set it to rest
all right this is what it looks like
after we took it off the grill he's got
little juices there is running out of it
we're starting to leave a little better
now that we've switched the outside I'm
not even going to try and take an
internal temperature because well we
knew it was almost done before and we
don't care if it's a little rare it's
time to set this little baby into the
oven and let it rest before we go
Aborigine on consuming it's wonderful
flesh
that's how we let it rest
we don't use foil the oven works great
for this microwave works good too
little ventures pulled up not much this
year for Angie
there we have Angie's dinner hey dinner
is over and I just wanted to show you
how we cut it all off and you wanted
them nice and then we cut them nice and
thin for by Diego see you later YouTube
thanks for watching you poach it sous
farmhouse show